Adds ~50 tips (#4772)
cmss13-devs/cmss13: strings/xenotips.txt

Playable Facehuggers can leap onto targets with a one-second windup, but this will only infect them if they are adjacent to it.  Otherwise, it will simply knock them down for a small duration.
As a Facehugger, you cannot talk in hivemind, but you can still open Hive Status and overwatch your sisters. This can be useful if you're locating other Facehuggers, flanker castes, or trying to learn from experienced Facehugger players.
Shift-clicking the Queen indicator will tell you what area you are in, on the map.

> As a ravager your abilities get greatly enhanced when you empower with three or more people around you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Ravager your abilities become greatly enhanced when you empower with three or more people around you.
```

Resisting on a water tile will immediately put out fires. Make sure you're alone though - It's usually better to let a friendly Xenomorph pat you out than it is to expose yourself to open water.
You can filter out the Xenomorphs displayed in hive status by health, allowing you to look only for wounded sisters.

> Each xeno has their own ‘tackle counter’ on a marine. The range to successfully tackle can be anywhere from two to six tackles based on caste. If a marine gets stunned or knocked over by otherm eans it will reset everyone's tackle counters and they may get up!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each xeno has their own ‘tackle counter’ on a marine. The range to successfully tackle can be anywhere from two to six tackles based on caste. If a marine gets stunned or knocked over by other means it will reset everyone's tackle counters and they may get up!
```
